ជម្រាបសួរ Good Morning everyone.
My name is Nan Munireachh Vityea,
a Grade 12 student from Indradevy High School
in Phnom Penh, Cambodia.
I'm here to express my sincere interest
in applying for Asia Youth Leaders 2026.
My interest in this program stems from a genuine belief
that the most meaningful connections,
solutions are built not in isolations,
but rather through connection.
Asia Youth Leaders 2026
brings together young people
from across Asia
to discuss real problems
and propose real answers
and that is exactly
the kind of environment
I want to be a part of.
I have always admired
how Japanese people approach social responsibility
not as an obligation, but
as a natural extension of who they are.
I have seen this firsthand
through Japanese volunteers and organizations
active here in Cambodia,
who work quietly and consistently
to benefit communities beyond their own.
That spirit of contribution
is something I deeply respect
and want to learn from directly.
Returning from this program,
I intend to share everything I learn
with my classmates, my school
and my broader community.
Knowledge that stays with one person only helps one person.
Knowledge that spreads will help a country.
I am ready to listen, to contribute, and to grow.
Thank you for this opportunity.